Later
I don't know anything
I woke up and was already at your house
Brother Ye Xuan
Sorry.
The last person to knock you down should be me
I'm going to melt after I see your blood
It was grandpa who stopped me
I don't blame you.
It was you and grandpa who saved me
Otherwise, how could I have lived until now?
I also learned such strong kung fu
How did I meet you?
I can't listen anymore.
Is that the right question to ask at this time?
substitution
Brother Ye Xian
Do you still want to be the prince?
Sister, your question
Is it too difficult for Brother Ye Xuan?
It's not because of your love brain
I'm determined to be with him
Then this is about your future
The reality of life and death
actually
I never wanted this country
Fight for the crown prince
Maybe just to prove something
But such a throne forged by lies and blood
It's never worth giving up on you
I hope you can do it.
Grandpa grandpa
We want to marry you
Have you really thought about it?
Even if the road ahead is uncertain
Maybe there are other possibilities
Grandpa is really worried
We have decided Zihao
No matter what happens to us
We face it together
Hey
Since you have made a private appointment for life
How could grandpa stop him?
Go take a shower and change clothes
Your destiny
Why doesn't Heaven allow me to count?
Sir, you said this time
Gu Changxi won't find us, will he?